"Less is more" is said to have been one of the favorite maxims of architect Mies Van der Rohe. - Albert Camus
Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads. - Marianne Moore
True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist. - Albert Einstein
Lying in bed would be an altogether perfect and supreme experience if only one had a colored pencil long enough to draw on the ceiling. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
Photograph: a picture painted by the sun without instruction in art. - Ambrose Bierce
A classic is a book that has never finished saying what it has to say. - Italo Calvino
Of all those arts in which the wise excel, Nature's chief masterpiece is writing well. - John Sheffield
Art produces ugly things which frequently become more beautiful with time. Fashion, on the other hand, produces beautiful things which always become ugly with time. - Jean  Cocteau
“Wine making is an artistic creation in which you deal with a variety of styles, colors, and inspiration therefore good wine, like good art, can evoke emotions, sensations and create an experience which leaves a lasting impression.”  - Giovanni Morassutti
Rules and models destroy genius and art. - William Hazlitt
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and all science. He to whom this emotion is a stranger, who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead: his eyes are closed. - Albert Einstein
Dance is the only art of which we ourselves are the stuff of which it is made. - Ted Shawn
In our life there is a single color, as on an artist's palette, which provides the meaning of life and art. It is the color of love. - Marc Chagall
A poet is a bird of unearthly excellence, who escapes from his celestial realm arrives in this world warbling. If we do not cherish him, he spreads his wings and flies back into his homeland. - Kahlil Gibran
“Creating the kind of connections between people that lead to collective civic action, political expression, community dialogue, shared cultural experiences.”  - Giovanni Morassutti
Painting is easy when you don't know how, but very difficult when you do. - Edgar Degas
An artist is never ahead of his time but most people are far behind theirs. - Edgard Varese
My portraits are more about me than they are about the people I photograph. - Richard Avedon
The negative is comparable to the composer's score and the print to its performance. Each performance differs in subtle ways. - Ansel Adams
Art = a mad search for individualism.  - Paul Gauguin
Music is God's gift to man, the only art of Heaven given to earth, the only art of earth we take to Heaven. - Walter Savage Landor
Not everybody trusts paintings but people believe photographs. - Ansel Adams
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up. - Pablo Picasso
Art doesn't have to be pretty. It has to be meaningful. - Duane Hanson
All art is quite useless. - Oscar Wilde
Painting is self-discovery. Every good artist paints what he is. - Jackson Pollock
Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade themselves that they have a better idea. - John Ciardi
We, by our arts may be called the grandsons of God. - Leonardo da Vinci
Inside you there's an artist you don't know about. He's not interested in how things look different in moonlight. - Auguste Rodin
The artist is a receptacle for the emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape, from a spider's web. - Pablo Picasso
The history of modern art is also the history of the progressive loss of art's audience. Art has increasingly become the concern of the artist and the bafflement of the public. - Paul Gauguin
There are no rules for good photographs, there are only good photographs. - Ansel Adams
The artist who aims at perfection in everything achieves it in nothing. - Eugene Delacroix
Everything that is beautiful and noble is the product of reason and calculation. - Charles Baudelaire
Lying in bed would be an altogether perfect and supreme experience if only one had a colored pencil long enough to draw on the ceiling. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
Acting is a matter of giving away secrets. - Ellen Barkin
Painting, n.: The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather, and exposing them to the critic. - Ambrose Bierce
A piece of art is never a finished work. It answers a question which has been asked, and asks a new question. - Robert Engman
True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist. - Albert Einstein
"Less is more" is said to have been one of the favorite maxims of architect Mies Van der Rohe. - Albert Camus
“Wine making is an artistic creation in which you deal with a variety of styles, colors, and inspiration therefore good wine, like good art, can evoke emotions, sensations and create an experience which leaves a lasting impression.”  - Giovanni Morassutti
One should either be a work of art, or wear a work of art. - Oscar Wilde
Literature and the arts are also criticism in a more particular and practical sense. They embody an expository reflection on, a value judgement of, the inheritance and context to which they pertain. - George Steiner
Film contains potentialities for the combination of all the arts such as Wagner never dreamt of. - Ralph Vaughan Williams
To draw, you must close your eyes and sing. - Pablo Picasso
Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads. - Marianne Moore
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser. - John W. Gardner
A classic is a book that has never finished saying what it has to say. - Italo Calvino
Any work of art that makes us feel the artist tried too hard lacks clarity. - Clayton Whitehill
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world. - Albert Einstein
The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure. - Dale Carnegie
“Creating the kind of connections between people that lead to collective civic action, political expression, community dialogue, shared cultural experiences.”  - Giovanni Morassutti
When I am finishing a picture, I hold some Godmade object up to it  a rock, a flower, the branch of a tree or my hand  as a final test. If the painting stands up beside a thing man cannot make, the painting is authentic. If there's a clash between the two, it's bad art. - Marc Chagall
Words are often seen hunting for an idea, but ideas are never seen hunting for words. - Josh Billings
Painting is easy when you don't know how, but very difficult when you do. - Edgar Degas
Progressive art can assist people to learn not only about the objective forces at work in the society in which they live, but also about the intensely social character of their interior lives. Ultimately, it can propel people toward social emancipation. - Salvador Dalí
Art produces ugly things which frequently become more beautiful with time. Fashion, on the other hand, produces beautiful things which always become ugly with time. - Jean  Cocteau
You don't make art out of good intentions. - Gustave Flaubert
Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable. - George Bernard Shaw
Of all those arts in which the wise excel, Nature's chief masterpiece is writing well. - John Sheffield
