Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain. - Lily Tomlin
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing. - Emo Philips
The embarrassing thing is that the salad dressing is outgrossing my films. - Paul Newman
I saw a bank that said 24 Hour Banking, but I don't have that much time. - Steven Wright
I'm not concerned about all hell breaking loose, but that a PART of hell will break loose... it'll be much harder to detect. - George Carlin
I put instant coffee in a microwave oven and almost went back in time. - Steven Wright
My wife has to be the worst cook. In my house, we pray after we eat. - Rodney Dangerfield
The other night a mugger took off his mask and made me wear it. - Rodney Dangerfield
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific. - Lily Tomlin
If love is the answer, could you please rephrase the question? - Lily Tomlin
Washington is a place where politicians don't know which way is up and taxes don't know which way is down. - Robert Orben
I came from a real tough neighborhood. Why every time I shut the window I hurt somebody's fingers. - Rodney Dangerfield
I have a fine sense of the ridiculous, but no sense of humor. - Edward Albee
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve it through not dying. - Woody Allen
If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor. - Joan Rivers
I know I am getting better at golf because I am hitting fewer spectators. - Gerald R. Ford
She looked at my calendar and wanted to know who JUNE was. - Rodney Dangerfield
Management by objective works - if you know the objectives. Ninety percent of the time you don't. - Peter Drucker
I don't have a bank account because I don't know my mother's maiden name. - Paula Poundstone
My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher. - Socrates
The best measure of a man's honesty isn't his income tax return. It's the zero adjust on his bathroom scale. - Arthur C. Clarke
Business underlies everything in our national life, including our spiritual life. Witness the fact that in the Lord's Prayer, the first petition is for daily bread. No one can worship God or love his neighbor on an empty stomach. - Woodrow Wilson
He is (Sonny Liston) too ugly to be the world champ. The world champ should be pretty like me! - Mohamad Ali
I once asked a policeman how far it was to the subway. he said, I don't know, no one has ever made it. - Rodney Dangerfield
Give me golf clubs, fresh air and a beautiful partner, and you can keep the clubs and the fresh air. - Jack Benny
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member. - Groucho Marx
Once I pulled a job, I was so stupid. I picked a guys pocket on an airplane and made a run for it. - Rodney Dangerfield
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the the universe. - Albert Einstein
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it. - W.C. Fields
Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at different speeds. A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing. - William James
Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the universe together. - Oprah Winfrey
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died. - Erma Bombeck
Once somebody stole our car. I asked my wife if she saw who it was. she said No, but I did get the license number. - Rodney Dangerfield
If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank. - Woody Allen
My wife had her drivers test the other day. She got 8 out of 10. The other 2 guys jumped clear. - Rodney Dangerfield
My mother used to say that there are no strangers, only friends you haven't met yet. She's now in a maximum security twilight home in Australia. - Dame Edna Everage
Funny how just when you think life can't possibly get any worse it suddenly does. - Douglas Noel Adams
The behavior of any bureaucratic organization can best be understood by assuming that it is controlled by a secret cabal of its enemies. - Robert Conquest
My wife's not too smart. I told her our kids were spoiled. she said, all kids smell that way. - Rodney Dangerfield
My wife has to be the worst cook. In my house, we pray after we eat. - Rodney Dangerfield
She failed her drivers test. She couldn't get used to the front seat. It took her four lessons to learn to sit up. - Rodney Dangerfield
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain. - Lily Tomlin
My cousins gay, in school while other kids were dissecting frog, he was opening flies. - Rodney Dangerfield
Why her cooking is so bad that the flies pitched in to fix the screen door. I leave dental floss in the kitchen and watch the roaches hang themselves. - Rodney Dangerfield
Boy is my wife stupid. It takes her and hour and a half to watch 60 minutes. My daughters no bargain either. In public school she was voted most likely to conceive. - Rodney Dangerfield
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing. - Emo Philips
I intend to live forever. So far, so good. - Steven Wright
I'm at the age where I want two girls. In case I fall asleep they will have someone to talk to. - Rodney Dangerfield
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up. - Mohamad Ali
The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl. - Dave Barry
I bought a new Japanese car, I turned on the radio ... I don't understand a word they're saying. - Rodney Dangerfield
You know how it is when you're reading a book and falling asleep, you're reading, reading... and all of a sudden you notice your eyes are closed? I'm like that all the time. - Steven Wright
I spent a year in that town, one Sunday. - George Burns
I put instant coffee in a microwave oven and almost went back in time. - Steven Wright
If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor. - Joan Rivers
I came from a real tough neighborhood. Why every time I shut the window I hurt somebody's fingers. - Rodney Dangerfield
I have a fine sense of the ridiculous, but no sense of humor. - Edward Albee
I came from a real tough neighborhood. Once a guy pulled a knife on me. I knew he wasn't a professional, the knife had butter on it. - Rodney Dangerfield
He found a new way to cover up his bad breath. He holds up his arms. - Rodney Dangerfield
Because I bought it on sale I actually made money. - Shopper Extraordinaire
A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal. - Oscar Wilde
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it. - Franklin P.  Jones
My wife had her drivers test the other day. She got 8 out of 10. The other 2 guys jumped clear. - Rodney Dangerfield
My wife a great driver, she once hit a deer. It was in a zoo. There are a pair of shoes on the dashboard. they belong to the last guy she hit - Rodney Dangerfield
Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade themselves that they have a better idea. - John Ciardi
I bet a funny thing about driving a car off a cliff is, while you're in midair, you still hit those brakes Hey, better try the emergency brake - Jack Handey Deep Thoughts
Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the universe together. - Oprah Winfrey
If you think you're leading and no one is following you, then you're only taking a walk. - Afghan Proverb
If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make something out of you. - Mohamad Ali
You're only as good as your last haircut. - Fran Lebowitz
I'm writing an unauthorized autobiography. - Steven Wright
Give me golf clubs, fresh air and a beautiful partner, and you can keep the clubs and the fresh air. - Jack Benny
