Your limitation—it’s only your imagination.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Dream it. Wish it. Do it.
Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it.
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.
Dream bigger. Do bigger.
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done.
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Little things make big days.
It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it.
Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.
Dream it. Believe it. Build it.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive – to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
Lean forward into your life. Begin each day as if it were on purpose.
When you do something noble and beautiful and nobody noticed, do not be sad. For the sun every morning is a beautiful spectacle and yet most of the audience still sleeps.
Once you choose hope, anything is possible.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow’s reality.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life – think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Every great story on the planet happened when someone decided not to give up, but kept going no matter what.
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
A truly strong person does not need the approval of others any more than a lion needs the approval of sheep.
Never say never, because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.
Promise me you’ll always remember: You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and, above all, confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained.
Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass. It’s about learning how to dance in the rain.
There is no greater gift you can give or receive than to honor your calling. It’s why you were born. And how you become most truly alive.
Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, I will try again tomorrow.
It’s OK if you fall down and lose your spark. Just make sure that when you get back up, you rise as the whole damn fire.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
At any given moment you have the power to say: This is not how the story is going to end.
"If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission." --Anonymous
"Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." --John Wooden
"To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong." --Anonymous
"If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary." --Jim Rohn
"Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain." --Anonymous
"Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life--think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success." --Swami Vivekananda
"All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them." --Walt Disney
"Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them." --Anonymous
"If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got." --Anonymous
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." --Winston Churchill
"Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly." --Proverb
"Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy." --Anonymous
"Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them." --Vaibhav Shah
"Opportunities don't happen, you create them." --Chris Grosser
"Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value." --Albert Einstein
"Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people." --Eleanor Roosevelt
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." --Thomas A. Edison
"If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents--start charging for it." --Kim Garst
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him." --David Brinkley
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." --Eleanor Roosevelt
"The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it." --Henry Ford
"If you're going through hell keep going." --Winston Churchill
"The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do." --Anonymous
"Don't raise your voice, improve your argument." --Anonymous
"What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise." --Oscar Wilde
"The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away." --Anonymous
"The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success." --Bruce Feirstein
"When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you." --Lolly Daskal
"I believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your own dreams." --Oprah Winfrey
"No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist." --Anonymous
"Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you." --Nathaniel Hawthorne
"If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." --Albert Einstein
"Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting." --Anonymous
"Do one thing every day that scares you." --Anonymous
"What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable." --Anonymous
"Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." --Lolly Daskal
"Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent." --Anonymous
"Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it." --Anonymous
"Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem." --Anonymous
"You can do anything, but not everything." --Anonymous
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." --Steve Jobs
"There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed." --Ray Goforth
"Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life." --A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." --Thomas Jefferson
"The starting point of all achievement is desire." --Napoleon Hill
"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out." --Robert Collier
"If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work." --Thomas J. Watson
"All progress takes place outside the comfort zone." --Michael John Bobak
"You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing." --Philippos
"Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear." --Mark Twain
"Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone." --Pablo Picasso
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing--that's why we recommend it daily." --Zig Ziglar
"We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret." --Earl Nightingale
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." --Vidal Sassoon
"Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." --Les Brown
"I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing." --Martha Stewart
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." --Anonymous
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." --Colin R. Davis
"The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers." --Ralph Nader
"Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." --Maya Angelou
"As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others." --Bill Gates
"A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them." --Henry Kravis
"The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself." --Mark Caine
"People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy." --Tony Robbins
"When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid." --Audre Lorde
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." --Mark Twain
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." --Bruce Lee
"There is no traffic jam along the extra mile." --Roger Staubach
"Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." --Dale Carnegie
"If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much." --Jim Rohn
"If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it--teach yourself to be impatient." --Gurbaksh Chahal
"Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning." --Robert Kiyosaki
"If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!" --T. Harv Eker
"You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something--your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life." --Steve Jobs
"Two roads diverged in a wood and I  took the one less traveled by, and that made all the difference." --Robert Frost
 "The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors." --Napoleon Hill
"The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them." --Denis Waitley
"In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it." --Jane Smiley
"Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time." --George Bernard Shaw
"I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well." --Diane Ackerman
"You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them." --Michael Jordan
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." --Jim Ryun
"People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." --Dale Carnegie
"There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul." --Ella Wheeler Wilcox
"Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter." --Francis Chan
"You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction." --George Lorimer
"A goal is not always meant to be reached; it often serves simply as something to aim at." -- Bruce Lee
"Success is ... knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others." --John C. Maxwell
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." --Wayne Dyer
"To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe." --Anatole France
"Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all." --Dale Carnegie
"You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals." --Booker T. Washington
"Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable." --Theodore N. Vail
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." --Herman Melville
"What would you do if you weren't afraid." --Spencer Johnson
"Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it." --Washington Irving
"Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor." --Truman Capote
"Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." --John R. Wooden
"You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it." --Margaret Thatcher
"A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done." --Vince Lombardi
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit. - Napoleon Hill
Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure. - Rumi
Beyond a certain point there is no return. This point has to be reached. - Franz Kafka
Those who know how to win are much more numerous than those who know how to make proper use of their victories - Polybius
Stop creating a life that you need a vacation from. Instead move to where you want to live, do what you want to do, start what you want to start and create the life you want today. This isn't rehearsal people. This is YOUR life. - Dale Patridge
If you don't give up, you still have a chance. And when you are small, you have to be very focused and rely on your brain, not your strength. - Jack Ma
"Everything you have ever felt. Every you've buried. Forget the bottle. Let your chaos explode!!"
there is not a person alive that doesn't look in the mirror and see some deformity
Pursue the things you want in life and not the things society wants you to do. Sometimes you need to be satisfied with the achieving your true goals and forgot about the meaningless goals that you think will get you ahead in life
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Limitations are like mirages created by your own mind. When you realise that limitation do not exist, those around you will also feel it and allow you inside their space.  - Stephen Richards
I always advice people - Don't wait ! Do something when you are young, when you have no responsibilities. Invest time in yourself to have great Experiences that are going to enrich you, then you can't possibly lose. - Steve Jobs
Ideas don't get smaller when they're shared, they get bigger. - Seth Godin
All courses of action are risky, so prudence is not in avoiding danger (it's impossible), but calculating risk and acting decisively. Make mistakes of ambition and not mistakes of sloth. Develop the strength to do bold things, not the strength to suffer. - Niccolo Machiavelli
I keep asking myself these three questions ... What do you have? What do you want? What will you give up? - Jack Ma
Climb the mountains and get their good tidings. Nature's peace will flow into you as sunshine flows into trees. The winds will blow their own freshness into you, and the storms their energy, while cares will drop away from you like the leaves of Autumn. - John Muir
Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her: but once they are in hand, he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game. - Voltaire
Time to improve is limited. The clock is always on and doesn't care if you don't feel like it. Someone else does and they're passing you by. - William James Moore
The beginning of freedom is the realization that you are not the possessing entity the thinker. - Eckhart Tolle
Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will. - Dale Patridge
Your life does not get better by chance. It gets better by change. - Jim Rohn
If you get up in the morning and think the future is going to be better, it is a bright day. Otherwise, it's not. - Elon Musk
People rise to the occasion without hesitation when they feel inspired and challenged. - Lorii Myers
The human mind and body are truly extraordinary. They are the quintessence of excellence in motion. We talk, touch, see, hear, taste, smell, and feel. We dream, aspire, and become. All that we are is mind and body and spirit—that is our universe. - Lorii Myers
An earned compliment costs nothing, but its returns are immeasurable. Very humanly, when we are complimented, when our efforts are appreciated, most of us will usually strive to perform even better down the line. What a return on the investment of delivering a few earned words of praise! - G. Kingsley Ward
Feeling grateful to or appreciative of someone or something in your life actually attracts more of the things that you appreciate and value into your life. - Christiane Northrup
Extend beyond your preconceived limits! - Lorii Myers
Ignition (n): The motivational process that occurs when your identity becomes linked to a long-term vision of your future. Triggers significant amounts of unconscious energy; usually marked by the realization: That is who I want to be. -  Daniel Coyle
We hold ourselves back in ways both big and small, by lacking self-confidence, by not raising our hands, and by pulling back when we should be leaning in. - Sheryl Sandberg
Think ahead. Don't let day-to-day operations drive out planning. - Donald Rumsfeld
Plant your own garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring you flowers. - Veronica A. Shoffstall
A quitter never wins and a winner never quits - Napoleon Hill
Successful people appear to be traveling along one continual, successful road. What is not apparent is the perseverance it takes following each defeat to keep you on that road. No one I know of has ever experienced one success after another without defeats, failures, disappointments, and frustrations galore along the way. Learning to overcome those times of agony is what separates the winners from the losers. - G. Kingsley Ward
If you're not making mistakes, you're not taking risks, and that means you're not going anywhere. The key is to make mistakes faster than the competition, so you have more changes to learn and win. - John W. Holt, Jr.
When you recover or discover something that nourishes your soul and brings joy, care enough about yourself to make room for it in your life. - Jean Shinoda Bolen
I hated every minute of training, but I said, ‘Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.' - Mohamad Ali
I always advice people - Don't wait ! Do something when you are young, when you have no responsibilities. Invest time in yourself to have great Experiences that are going to enrich you, then you can't possibly lose. - Steve Jobs
I think it's very important to have a feedback loop, where you're constantly thinking about what you've done and how you could be doing it better. I think that's the single best piece of advice: constantly think about how you could be doing things better and questioning yourself. - Elon Musk
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. - Napoleon Hill
Find a purpose in life so big it will challenge every capacity to be at your best. - David O. McKay
