Relationships are not where we go to have fun. Relationships are where we go to heal and where we go to learn. And who you're going to attract is the person that's going to bring to the forefront the thing you need to learn or heal or the thing that's going to help you grow the most.  - Iyanla Vanzant
The secret is to have a sense of yourself, your real self, your unique self.. - Bill Murray
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. - Hellen Keller
Science can make man comfortable, but only wisdom can make man happy. - Theodore Hesburgh
An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind.... - M.K. Gandhi
I believe life is an intelligent thing that things aren't random! - Steve Jobs
Life is fragile. We're not guaranteed a tomorrow so you have to give it everything you've got. - Tim Cook
Never be proud nor depressed about for what you are and the position you hold in the society. Remember after the game of chess Kings and Pawns go in the same box. - 
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. - William James
I'm not a one-issue person. - Barbara Bush
While you are proclaiming peace with your lips, be careful to have it even more fully in your heart. - St. Francis of Assisi
One day it just clicks... You realize what's important and what isn't. You learn to care less about what other people think of you and more about what you think of yourself. You realize how far you've come and you remember when you thought things were such a mess that they'd never recover. And then you smile. You smile because you are truly proud of yourself and the person you've fought to become. - Steve Maraboli
Growth is the only evidence of life. - John Henry Newman
Time is something you can't replace. - Nadine Gordimer
I had to stop traveling alone because I missed so many planes. When somebody runs up to you in the airport and begins to tell you their life story, you can't say, 'Excuse me, boo,' as they're weeping on your bosom. - Iyanla Vanzant
Not every day is going to offer us a chance to save somebody's life, but every day offers us an opportunity to affect one. - Mark Bezos
The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls. - Pablo Picasso
A culture is like an immune system. It operates through the laws of systems, just like a body. If a body has an infection, the immune system deals with it. Similarly, a group enforces its norms, either actively or passively. - Henry Cloud
The thirst for more is not evil itself, but it is often the gateway to something that is. - Dale Patridge
If you get to my age in life and nobody thinks well of you, I don't care how big your bank account is, your life is a disaster. - Warren Buffett
Those who hope for no other life are dead even for this - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Just because you can, doesn’t mean you should. Or just because it’s smart, doesn’t mean it’s right.  - Dale Patridge
In between goals is a thing called life, that has to be lived and enjoyed. - Sid Caesar
God writes a lot of comedy... the trouble is, he's stuck with so many bad actors who don't know how to play funny. - Garrison Keillor
Life is not an exact science, it is an art. - Samuel  Butler
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary. - Steve Jobs
The world is going to need all of the different kinds of minds to work together. - Temple Grandin
One's real life is so often the life that one does not lead. - Oscar Wilde
Authenticity is the act of telling people what you believe and care about, not telling them what you think they want you to believe or care about. - Dale Patridge
The more relaxed you are, the better you are at everything--the better you are with your loved ones, the better you are with enemies, the better you are at your job, the better you are with yourself. - Bill Murray
Shame is the most powerful, master emotion. It's the fear that we're not good enough. - Brene Brown
The second half of a man's life is made up of nothing but the habits he has acquired during the first half. - Fyodor Dostoevsky
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. - Hellen Keller
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. - Albert Einstein
It is inevitable that some defeat will enter even the most victorious life. The human spirit is never finished when it is defeated...it is finished when it surrenders. - Ben Stein
There are days you are going to feel sad. That is nothing you can choose. But you can make stuff. Make films. Draw. Write. It'll make a world of difference. - Pete Doctor
Science can make man comfortable, but only wisdom can make man happy. - Theodore Hesburgh
Of all the paths you take in life, make sure a few of them are dirt. - John Muir
Life is a progress, and not a station. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake. - Henry David Thoreau
It's a wonderful thing to be optimistic. It keeps you healthy and it keeps you resilient. - Daniel Kahneman
Life is a continuous exercise in creative problem solving. - Michael J. Gelb
The ability to withstand pressure is the conditioning of the mind. - Sola Adele
Not every day is going to offer us a chance to save somebody's life, but every day offers us an opportunity to affect one. - Mark Bezos
Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities. - Aristotle
...not doing what we love in the name of greed is very poor management of our lives. - Warren Buffett
I would rather live and love where death is king than have eternal life where love is not. - Robert Green Ingersoll
Uncertainty and mystery are energies of life. Don't let them scare you unduly, for they keep boredom at bay and spark creativity. - R. I. Fitzhenry
In both our personal and professional lives, there are times when reality dictates that we must stand up and 'end' something. Either its time has passed, its season is over, or worse, continuing it would be destructive in some way. - Henry Cloud
I think midlife crisis is just a point where people's careers have reached some plateau and they have to reflect on their personal relationships. - Bill Murray
You can't really be strong until you see a funny side to things. - Ken Kesey
I sent one e-mail in my life. I sent it to Jeff Raikes at Microsoft, and it ended up in court in Minneapolis, so I am one for one. - Warren Buffett
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. - Benjamin Disraeli
In our life there is a single color, as on an artist's palette, which provides the meaning of life and art. It is the color of love. - Marc Chagall
Somewhere there's a score being kept, so you have an obligation to live life as well as you can, be as engaged as you can. The human condition means that we can zone out and forget what the hell we're doing. - Bill Murray
You can map your life through your favorite movies, and no two people's maps will be the same. - Mary Schmich
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary. - Steve Jobs
It's a shame that the only thing a man can do for eight hours a day is work. He can't eat for eight hours; he can't drink for eight hours; he can't make love for eight hours. The only thing a man can do for eight hours is work. - William Faulkner
You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't do too many things wrong. - Warren Buffett
The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor. - Vince Lombardi
I don't have to chase extraordinary moments to find happiness, it's right in front of me if I'm paying attention and practicing gratitude. - Brene Brown
Life will always get busy, make time to do the things you love. - Lailah Gifty Akita
I was sitting on the bus, and the sign said if you're ready to better your life, come to Medgar Evers College, and I got off the bus and went to Medgar Evers College. - Iyanla Vanzant
To whom much is given, much is expected. I do believe this. It's embedded in me. - Tim Cook
The plague of man is boasting of his knowledge. - Michel de Montaigne
I have this theory about performers who last for a long time, and that is, if you break it down, music is not as big a part of it as personality and who you are. I think that we are all 3 people. I am who I think I am, I am who you think I am, and I am who I really am. The closer those 3 people are together the longer your career's gonna last. 'Cause people don't like to be fooled! - Kenny Rogers
I don't believe in an afterlife, so I don't have to spend my whole life fearing hell, or fearing heaven even more. For whatever the tortures of hell, I think the boredom of heaven would be even worse. - Isaac Asimov
In both our personal and professional lives, there are times when reality dictates that we must stand up and 'end' something. Either its time has passed, its season is over, or worse, continuing it would be destructive in some way. - Henry Cloud
Preparation for old age should begin not later than one's teens. A life which is empty of purpose until 65 will not suddenly become filled on retirement. - Dwight L. Moody
If our lives in education have any meaning or significance, it will be in our reading the signs of the times and in educating the young of our times in the visions and values that will civilize and make for reasonable human progress and lasting peace on earth. - Theodore Hesburgh
Man's main task in life is to give birth to himself, to become what he potentially is. The most important product of his effort is his own personality. - Erich Fromm
Parents learn a lot from their children about coping with life. - Muriel Spark
Our mind is all we've got. Not that it won't lead us astray sometimes, but we still have to analyze things out within ourselves. - Bobby Fischer
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake. - Henry David Thoreau
Life is like a music. Just go with the flow, enjoy the rhythm.. feel the beat. - Leona Salarda
There's no difference between a pessimist who says, "Oh, it's hopeless, so don't bother doing anything", and an optimist who says, "Don't bother doing anything, it's going to turn out fine anyway". Either way, nothing happens. - Yvon Chouinard
People say I've had a difficult time in life. I think I've had an exciting time in life. - Iyanla Vanzant
God writes a lot of comedy... the trouble is, he's stuck with so many bad actors who don't know how to play funny. - Garrison Keillor
In our life there is a single color, as on an artist's palette, which provides the meaning of life and art. It is the color of love. - Marc Chagall
A culture is like an immune system. It operates through the laws of systems, just like a body. If a body has an infection, the immune system deals with it. Similarly, a group enforces its norms, either actively or passively. - Henry Cloud
The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence. - Charles Bukowski
For most of my life, I believed that my father had broken many of my bones. They were emotional and psychological bones; things no one could see, things that caused me to limp through life clutching for and holding on to people and situations that often rendered me immobile. - Iyanla Vanzant
Life is half spent before we know what it is. - George Herbert
The existential vacuum manifests itself mainly in a state of boredom. - Viktor Frankl
One of the things you will find, which is interesting and people don't think of it enough, with most businesses and with most individuals, life tends to snap you at your weakest link. So it isn't the strongest link you're looking for among the individuals in the room. It isn't even the average strength of the chain. It's the weakest link that causes the problem. - Warren Buffett
I would rather live and love where death is king than have eternal life where love is not. - Robert Green Ingersoll
Attention to health is life's greatest hindrance. - Plato
Once a man has made a commitment to a way of life, he puts the greatest strength in the world behind him. It's something we call heart power. Once a man has made his commitment, nothing will stop him short of success. - Vince Lombardi
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. - Albert Einstein
It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor. - Max Eastman
I really don't have any weaknesses. I do have areas of my life that I am working on to grow, heal and evolve. Giving myself permission to rest is an area I am working on. Not rescuing my children and grandchildren is another area. - Iyanla Vanzant
The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing. - Marcus Aurelius
The fear of life is the favorite disease of the 20th century. - William Lyon Phelps
I don't believe in an afterlife, so I don't have to spend my whole life fearing hell, or fearing heaven even more. For whatever the tortures of hell, I think the boredom of heaven would be even worse. - Isaac Asimov
Everyday new difficulties arise, new compromises has to be made, new chaos to be dealt with. 

No story in this world could end happily! If it ended happily it would be your death. So enjoy everyday as if its your last day! - Always Madhu
A person starts to live when he can live outside himself. - Albert Einstein
Life is a continuous exercise in creative problem solving. - Michael J. Gelb
Some people's developmental path has not equipped them to stand up and let go of something. - Henry Cloud
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile. - Albert Einstein
Somewhere between the bottom of the climb and the summit is the answer to the mystery why we climb. - Greg Child
An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind.. - M.K. Gandhi
Society is like a large piece of frozen water; and skating well is the great art of social life. - Letitia Elizabeth Landon
Character develops itself in the stream of life. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
My father always used to say that when you die, if you've got five real friends, then you've had a great life. - Lee Iacocca
I had to stop traveling alone because I missed so many planes. When somebody runs up to you in the airport and begins to tell you their life story, you can't say, 'Excuse me, boo,' as they're weeping on your bosom. - Iyanla Vanzant
Life itself still remains a very effective therapist. - Karen Horney
Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her: but once they are in hand, he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game. - Voltaire
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around. - Leo Buscaglia
Don't count the days; make the days count. - Mohamad Ali
I learned that focus is key, not just in running a company, but in your personal life as well - Tim Cook
In between goals is a thing called life, that has to be lived and enjoyed. - Sid Caesar
Faith is the first factor in a life devoted to service. Without it, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible. - Mary McLeod Bethune
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake. - Henry David Thoreau
Our mind is all we've got. Not that it won't lead us astray sometimes, but we still have to analyze things out within ourselves. - Bobby Fischer
There are days you are going to feel sad. That is nothing you can choose. But you can make stuff. Make films. Draw. Write. It'll make a world of difference. - Pete Doctor
When you recover or discover something that nourishes your soul and brings joy, care enough about yourself to make room for it in your life. - Jean Shinoda Bolen
Feeling grateful to or appreciative of someone or something in your life actually attracts more of the things that you appreciate and value into your life. - Christiane Northrup
There's no difference between a pessimist who says, "Oh, it's hopeless, so don't bother doing anything", and an optimist who says, "Don't bother doing anything, it's going to turn out fine anyway". Either way, nothing happens. - Yvon Chouinard
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. - Winston Churchill
It's a shame that the only thing a man can do for eight hours a day is work. He can't eat for eight hours; he can't drink for eight hours; he can't make love for eight hours. The only thing a man can do for eight hours is work. - William Faulkner
One of the things you will find, which is interesting and people don't think of it enough, with most businesses and with most individuals, life tends to snap you at your weakest link. So it isn't the strongest link you're looking for among the individuals in the room. It isn't even the average strength of the chain. It's the weakest link that causes the problem. - Warren Buffett
There's a crack (or cracks) in everyone, that's how the light of God gets in. - Elizabeth Gilbert
The plague of man is boasting of his knowledge. - Michel de Montaigne
Closed systems run down and get more chaotic over time. Always get better by being 'open' to outside energy and templates of better ways to function. - Henry Cloud
The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls. - Pablo Picasso
This is not a dress rehearsal; this is your life. - Bill Murray
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile. - Albert Einstein
This is the highest wisdom that I own; freedom and life are earned by those alone who conquer them each day anew. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Society is like a large piece of frozen water; and skating well is the great art of social life. - Letitia Elizabeth Landon
Life is like a music. Just go with the flow, enjoy the rhythm. Feel the beat. - Leona Salarda
Whatever you value, be committed to it and let nothing distract you from this goal. The uncommitted life, like Plato's unexamined life, is not worth living. - Theodore Hesburgh
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you've imagined. As you simplify your life, the laws of the universe will be simpler. - Henry David Thoreau
