Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished. - Og Mandino
If you want to read about love and marriage, you've got to buy two separate books. - Alan King
Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence. - David Byrne
If you are a card-carrying human being, chances are that you share the same fear as all other humans: the fear of losing love, respect and connection to others. And if you are human, in order to avoid or prevent the pain, trauma and perceived devastation of the loss, you will do anything to avoid your greatest fear from being visited on you. - Iyanla Vanzant
Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear. - John Lennon
Not where I breathe, but where I love, I live Not where I love, but where I am, I die. - Robert Southey
If we have the opportunity to be generous with our hearts, ourselves, we have no idea of the depth and breadth of love's reach. - Margaret Cho
The dove loves when it quarrels; the wolf hates when it flatters. - Saint Augustine
When all is said and done, the weather and love are the two elements about which one can never be sure. - Alice Hoffman
A refusal to believe that God loves us is the unbelief which destroys the soul. - Edward Norris Kirk
Physical presence provides chemical, relational, psychological and physiological effects that virtual relationships cannot. Our brains change in the presence of another person and their behavior. - Henry Cloud
When love's well-timed 'tis not a fault to love; The strong, the brave, the virtuous, and the wise, Sink in the soft captivity together. - Joseph Addison
In dreams and in love there are no impossibilities. - Janos Arnay
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars. - Henry Van Dyke
You can't trust a promise someone makes while they're drunk, in love, hungry, or running for office. - Joe Moore
Love is space and time measured by the heart. - Marcel Proust
Respect was invented to cover the empty place where love should be.  - Leo Tolstoy
When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not even our virtues. - Honore de Balzac
In my mind, marriage is a spiritual partnership and union in which we willingly give and receive love, create and share intimacy, and open ourselves to be available and accessible to another human being in order to heal, learn and grow. - Iyanla Vanzant
I surround people in unconditional acceptance and love to such a degree that everything that is unloving about them rises to the surface. - Iyanla Vanzant
We lose ourselves in the things we love. We find ourselves there, too. - Dale Patridge
To fall in love is easy, even to remain in it is not difficult; our human loneliness is cause enough. But it is a hard quest worth making to find a comrade through whose steady presence one becomes steadily the person one desires to be. - Elijah Wood
Any time there is 'un-forgiveness' between people who love each other, there is suffering. Any time people face challenges that they really don't understand... there is suffering. - Iyanla Vanzant
Love seems the swiftest, but it is the slowest of growths. No man or woman really knows what perfect love is until they have been married a quarter of a century. - Mark Twain
Love is not something that you can put chains on and throw into a lake. That's called Houdini. Love is liking someone a lot. - Jack Handey Deep Thoughts
Who will tell whether one happy moment of love or the joy of breathing or walking on a bright morning and smelling the fresh air, is not worth all the suffering and effort which life implies. - Erich Fromm
Basically, when you get to my age, you'll really measure your success in life by how many of the people you want to have love you actually do love you. - Warren Buffett
You don't have to go looking for love when it's where you come from. - Werner Erhard
Loving is not just looking at each other, it's looking in the same direction. - Antoine de SaintExupery
Stand by your man. Give him two arms to cling to and something warm to come to. - Tammy Wynette
Byron says that it is easier to die for the woman one loves that to live with her. - Andre Maurois
Love is much nicer to be in than an automobile accident, a tight girdle, a higher tax bracket or a holding pattern over Philadelphia. - Judith Viorst
When you say you are in love with humanity, you are well satisfied with yourself. - Luigi Pirandello
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold. - Zelda Fitzgerald
Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity. - Henry Van Dyke
To be capable of steady friendship or lasting love, are the two greatest proofs, not only of goodness of heart, but of strength of mind. - William Hazlitt
"There's too much risk in loving."  the young boy said. "No" said the old man. "There's too much risk in not" - Atticus
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place. - Zora Neale Hurston
Love is like a match to a wick. It takes that right combination to strike a flame. But once the flame is there, it can either give warmth, die out or burn your world to ashes. Even kill you. It’s how you sustain the flame, feed it, and moderate the amount of energy in balance. - Anthony Liccione
About all you can do in life is be who you are. Some people will love you for you. Most will love you for what you can do for them, and some won't like you at all. - Rita Mae Brown
Love and dignity cannot share the same abode. - Ovid
Fathers and mothers, if you have children, they must come first. You must read to your children and you must hug your children and you must love your children. Your success as a family, our success as a society, depends not on what happens in the White House, but on what happens inside your house. - Barbara Bush
If you want to read about love and marriage, you've got to buy two separate books. - Alan King
A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished. - Zsa Zsa Gabor
Love is metaphysical gravity. - R. Buckminster Fuller
Love is often nothing but a favorable exchange between two people who get the most of what they can expect, considering their value on the personality market. - Erich Fromm
Unconditional Love Is Huge In This World. - Warren Buffett
Among those whom I like or admire, I can find no common denominator, but among those whom I love, I can: all of them make me laugh. - W. H. Auden
Love is love's reward. - John Dryden
The main thing is to be moved, to love, to hope, to tremble, to live. - Auguste Rodin
When love's well-timed 'tis not a fault to love; The strong, the brave, the virtuous, and the wise, Sink in the soft captivity together. - Joseph Addison
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there? - Richard Bach
Love is friendship set on fire. - Jeremy   Taylor
The physicality of a real relationship - one that encompasses mind, body and soul - ultimately makes it more fulfilling and powerful than any virtual relationship ever could be. - Henry Cloud
Life takes us to unexpected places... love brings us home. - 
To resist the frigidity of old age, one must combine the body, the mind, and the heart. And to keep these in parallel vigor one must exercise, study, and love. - Alan Bleasdale
The face of a lover is an unknown, precisely because it is invested with so much of oneself. It is a mystery, containing, like all mysteries, the possibility of torment. - James Arthur Baldwin
The best proof of love is trust. - Joyce Brothers
Who will tell whether one happy moment of love or the joy of breathing or walking on a bright morning and smelling the fresh air, is not worth all the suffering and effort which life implies. - Erich Fromm
Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species. - W. Somerset Maugham
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
I surround people in unconditional acceptance and love to such a degree that everything that is unloving about them rises to the surface. - Iyanla Vanzant
Love is the most difficult and dangerous form of courage. Courage is the most desperate, admirable and noble kind of love. - Delmore Schwartz
Love is not something that you can put chains on and throw into a lake. That's called Houdini. Love is liking someone a lot. - Jack Handey Deep Thoughts
And he who loves last loves loudest. - Edmund Cooper
Jealousy, that dragon which slays love under the pretence of keeping it alive. - Havelock Ellis
My purpose is to teach and demonstrate what is possible. To demonstrate love of God and good. Remember what my role is as a woman: to be... good. My role as a mother: to teach, support and nurture my offspring. My role as a grandmother: to remind everybody - right where you are, God is. - Iyanla Vanzant
Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same. - Emily Bronte
Love seems the swiftest, but it is the slowest of growths. No man or woman really knows what perfect love is until they have been married a quarter of a century. - Mark Twain
A refusal to believe that God loves us is the unbelief which destroys the soul. - Edward Norris Kirk
You don't have to go looking for love when it's where you come from. - Werner Erhard
Basically, when you get to my age, you'll really measure your success in life by how many of the people you want to have love you actually do love you. - Warren Buffett
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
The only way to get love is to be lovable. It's very irritating if you have a lot of money. You'd like to think you could write a check: 'I'll buy a million dollars' worth of love.' But it doesn't work that way. The more you give love away, the more you get. - Warren Buffett
If we have the opportunity to be generous with our hearts, ourselves, we have no idea of the depth and breadth of love's reach. - Margaret Cho
Hallow the body as a temple to comeliness and sanctify the heart as a sacrifice to love; love recompenses the adorers. - Kahlil Gibran
Love is metaphysical gravity. - R. Buckminster Fuller
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun. - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Among those whom I like or admire, I can find no common denominator, but among those whom I love, I can: all of them make me laugh. - W. H. Auden
It is easier to love humanity as a whole than to love one's neighbor. - Eric Hoffer
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
When someone who loves and cares about me compliments me, I feel more glamorous than when the flashbulbs are going off on the red carpet. - Gabrielle Union
