A great leader's courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion, not position. - John Maxwell
Test fast, fail fast, adjust fast. - Tom Peters
People work better when they know what the goal is and why. It is important that people look forward to coming to work in the morning and enjoy working. - Elon Musk
Without values, the multinational manager may forget that foreign profit without indigenous development in that country is a formula for economic and political disaster, at home as well as abroad. - Theodore Hesburgh
A company is a group organized to create a product or service, and it is only as good as its people and how excited they are about creating. I do want to recognize a ton of super-talented people. I just happen to be the face of the companies. - Elon Musk
The signs of outstanding leadership appear primarily among the followers. Are the followers reaching their potential? Are they learning? Serving? Do they achieve the required results? Do they change with grace? Manage conflict? - Max De Pree
In some South Pacific cultures, a speaker holds a conch shell as a symbol of temporary position of authority. Leaders must understand who holds the conch that is, who should be listened to and when. - Max De Pree
Remember, confrontation is about reconciliation and awareness, not judgement or anger. - Dale Patridge
What conditions of work, what kinds of work, what kinds of management, and what kinds of reward or pay will help human stature to grow healthy, to its fuller and fullest stature ? Classic economic theory, based as it is on an inadequate theory of hum - Abraham Maslow
Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, and relentlessly drive it to completion. - Jack Welch
It is better to lead from behind and to put others in front, especially when you celebrate victory when nice things occur. You take the front line when there is danger. Then people will appreciate your leadership. - Nelson Mandela
The leader can never close the gap between himself and the group. If he does, he is no longer what he must be. He must walk a tightrope between the consent he must win and the control he must exert. - Vince Lombardi
Whether a man is burdened by power or enjoys power; whether he is trapped by responsibility or made free by it; whether he is moved by other people and outer forces or moves them   this is of the essence of leadership. - Theodore H. White
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others. - Bill Gates
In most cases being a good boss means hiring talented people and then getting out of their way. - Tina Fey
Great leaders are pragmatists who can deal with difficult realities but still have the optimism and courage to act. - Nitin Nohria
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. - John Quincy Adams
A person, who no matter how desperate the situation, gives others hope, is a true leader. - Daisaku Ikeda
Great thoughts speak only to the thoughtful mind, but great actions speak to all mankind. - Theodore Roosevelt
You do not lead by hitting people over the head-that's assault, not leadership. - Dwight David Eisenhower
Start with the end in mind. - Stephen R. Covey
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. - Steve Jobs
Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities. - Aristotle
That fear you have, that someone out there is going to try and do what we do better, faster, or more uniquely is real. And what is just as real is that we can win by being smarter and moving faster. - Kevin Turner
When the tyrant has disposed of foreign enemies by conquest or treaty and there is nothing to fear from them, then he is always stirring up some war or other, in order that the people may require a leader. - Plato
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny. - Kin Hubbard
Leadership development is not an event. - John G Agno
Without values, the multinational manager may forget that foreign profit without indigenous development in that country is a formula for economic and political disaster, at home as well as abroad. - Theodore Hesburgh
When a management team with a reputation for brilliance tackles a business with a reputation for bad economics, it is the reputation of the business that remains intact. - Warren Buffett
National leaders who find themselves wilting under the withering criticisms by members of the media, would do well not to take such criticism personally but to regard the media as their allies in keeping the government clean and honest, its services - Corazon Aquino
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. - John C. Maxwell
All of the great leaders have had one characteristic in common: it was the willingness to confront unequivocally the major anxiety of their people in their time. This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership. - John Kenneth Galbraith
A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action. - Jawaharlal Nehru
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: We did it ourselves. - Lao Tzu
Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out. - Stephen R. Covey
It is better to lead from behind and to put others in front, especially when you celebrate victory when nice things occur. You take the front line when there is danger. Then people will appreciate your leadership. - Nelson Mandela
The leadership instinct you are born with is the backbone. You develop the funny bone and the wishbone that go with it. - Elaine Agather
The growth and development of people is the highest calling of leadership. - Harvey S. Firestone
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. - Dwight D Eisenhower
The first responsibility of a leader is to define reality. The last is to say thank you. In between, the leader is a servant. - Max De Pree
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality. - Warren Bennis
A leader needs enough understanding to fashion an intelligent strategy. - John Kotter
A leader is someone who steps back from the entire system and tries to build a more collaborative, more innovative system that will work over the long term. - Robert Reich
