Karate is a form of martial arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. - Dave Barry
I always turn to the sports pages first, which records people's accomplishments. The front page has nothing but man's failures. - Earl Warren
Football isn't a contact sport, it's a collision sport. Dancing is a contact sport. - Duffy Daugherty
I'm opposed to any sport that reduces the coefficient of friction between me and the ground. - Alan Kotok
Growing up as an athlete, I started skating very young. My parents didn't know anything about the sport, so they went with the flow. I had two great coaches who gave great advice and gave guidelines for my parents. My parents let the coaches dictate what was going on on the ice. - Kristi Yamaguchi
Baseball hasn't been the national pastime for many years now - no sport is. The national pastime, like it or not, is watching television. - Bob Greene
Anybody with ability can play in the big leagues. But to be able to trick people year in and year out the way I did, I think that was a much greater feat. - Bob Uecker
As I understand it, sport is hard work for which you do not get paid. - Irvin S. Cobb
Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play. - Mike Singletary
I really appreciate the sport background because the structure and the discipline that that gives a person is incredible, and it just carries with you wherever you go. - Estella Warren
The triple is the most exciting play in baseball. Home runs win a lot of games, but I never understood why fans are so obsessed with them. - Hank Aaron
You wouldn't have won if we'd beaten you. - Yogi Berra
I don't want to play golf. When I hit a ball, I want someone else to go chase it. - Rogers Hornsby
Sport is born clean and it would stay that way if it was the athletes who ran it for the pleasure of taking part, but then the fans and the media intervene and finish up by corrupting it with the pressure that they exercise. - Bode Miller
Give me golf clubs, fresh air and a beautiful partner, and you can keep the clubs and the fresh air. - Jack Benny
But more importantly, you've got to play with your heart, with every fiber of your body. If you're lucky enough to find a guy with a lot of head and a lot of heart, he's never going to come off the field second. - Vince Lombardi
Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting. - George Orwell
Black people dominate sports in the United States. 20% of the population and 90% of the final four. We own this shit. Basketball, baseball, football, golf, tennis, and as soon as they make a heated hockey rink we'll take that shit too. - Chris Rock
Football is a team sport, and there is no one individual who is bigger than the next person. - Emmitt Smith
You spend a good piece of your life gripping a baseball and in the end it turns out that it was the other way around all the time. - Jim Bouton
You win some, lose some, and wreck some. - Dale Earnhardt
If you work hard and you play well, all of those critics will quiet themselves pretty quickly. - Peyton Manning
I do, have done and always will believe that I am very capable of performing and thriving at any level of the sport. - Jonny Wilkinson
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport. To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
It has nothing to do with swimming. That happens to be my sport. I'm trying to see how far I can go. - Mark Spitz
I'll be floating like a butterfly and stinging like a bee. - Muhammad Ali
Anybody with ability can play in the big leagues. But to be able to trick people year in and year out the way I did, I think that was a much greater feat. - Bob Uecker
