Do you want to achieve something or do you just want to make money? asked a nearby man in a white shirt to another man in a striped shirt. I waited for the answer as I slowly walked past them. Why is it an either or question? the man in the striped shirt finally murmured philosophically under a sip of beer. They both stood there looking at each other in thought.  - Daniel Amory
The educator has the duty of not being neutral.  - Paulo Freire
Students today are a pretty solemn lot. One of the really notable achievements of the twentieth century has been to make the young old before their time. - Robertson Davies
Do question, even the basics!You will be a fool for once!If you don't, you will be, for a lifetime.. - Himmilicious
Students must have initiative; they should not be mere imitators. They must learn to think and act for themselves--and be free. - Cesar Chavez
Responsibility for learning belongs to the student, regardless of age - Robert Martin
By the time these students enter the workforce, many of the jobs they will apply for ill be in industries that don't even exist yet. That's a hard future to prepare someone for. Teachers have their sights set on the real goal: not to produce Ivy League graduates, but to encourage the development of naturally curious, confident, flexible, and happy learners who are ready for whatever the future has in store. - Taylor Mali
If you tell folks you're a college student, folks are so impressed. You can be a student in anything and not have to know anything. Just say toxicology or marine biokinesis, and the person you're talking to will change the subject to himself. If this doesn't work, mention the neural synapses of embryonic pigeons. - Chuck Palahniuk
By starving the sensibility of our pupils we only make them easier prey to the propagandist when he comes. For famished nature will be avenged and a hard heart is no infallible protection against a soft head.  - C.S. Lewis
A student never forgets an encouraging private word, when it is given with sincere respect and admiration. - William Lyon Phelps
Teachers knew every one of the students, their secrets, their grades, their home situations. And all the students knew the teachers. It was like teachers were people who finally were the most popular at school.  - Victoria Kahler
Rejection is an opportunity for your selection. - Bernard Branson
The worst thing a kid can say about homework is that it is too hard. The worst thing a kid can say about a game is it's too easy. - Henry Jenkins
Mr. Klamp laid down the law. No tardiness, no talking above 40 decibels, no untied shoelaces, no visible undergarments, no eating, no chewing gum, no chewing tobacco, no chewing betel nuts, no chewing coca leaves, no chewing out students (unless Mr. Klamp was doing the chewing out), no chewing out teachers (unless ditto), no unnecessary displays of temper (unless ditto), no unnecessary displays of affection (no exceptions), no pets over one ounce or under one ton, and no singing, except in Bulgarian. I began to think Mr Klamp wouldn't be so bad...  - Polly Shulman
I tell my students, 'When you get these jobs that you have been so brilliantly trained for, just remember that your real job is that if you are free, you need to free somebody else. If you have some power, then your job is to empower somebody else. This is not just a grab-bag candy game. - Toni Morrison
The schoolroom clock was worn raw by stares; and you couldn't look up at the big Puritanical face of it and not feel the countless years of young eyes reflected in it, urging it onwards. It was a dark, old spirit that didn't so much mark time as bequeath it.  - Tod Wodicka
A teacher who cannot explain any abstract subject to a child does not himself thoroughly understand his subject; if he does not attempt to break down his knowledge to fit the child's mind, he does not understand teaching.  - Fulton J. Sheen
I must endure, fighting the temptation simply to become slack-jawed like most of my school 'peers' (they wish!), who will themselves into a collective, vacant, trancelike state for the duration of each class. (Although I sometimes secretly envy their ability to empty their minds completely for a full fifty minutes, reanimating only at the sound of a bell, like Pavlov's dogs...)  - Beth Fantaskey
The best teachers become the best teachers by being their own best students. - Laurie Gray
It is important that students bring a certain rafamuffin, barefoot, irreverence to their studies; they are not here to worship what is known, but to question it - Jacob Chanowski
I have never encountered any children in any group who are not geniuses. There is no mystery on how to teach them. The first thing you do is treat them like human beings and the second thing you do is love them. - Asa Hilliard
Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new. - Og Mandino
Today's students can put dope in their veins or hope in their brains. If they can conceive it and believe it, they can achieve it. They must know it is not their aptitude but their attitude that will determine their altitude. - Jesse Jackson
Don't try to fix the students, fix ourselves first. The good teacher makes the poor student good and the good student superior. When our students fail, we, as teachers, too, have failed. - Marva Collins
I don't know what's the matter with people: they don't learn by understanding, they learn by some other way by rote or something. Their knowledge is so fragile! - Richard Feynman
The only real job of a teacher, especially a writing teacher, is to help students find themselves.  - Derrick Jensen
Instead of making prisoners out of our students, we ought to make students out of our prisoners.  - Paul W. Silver
The best teachers are those who show you where to look, but don't tell you what to see. - Alexandra K.Trenfor
The chief wonder of education is that it does not ruin everybody concerned in it, teachers and taught.  - Henry Adams
In my day the principal concerns of university students were sex, smoking dope, rioting and learning. Learning was something you did only when the first three weren't available.  - Bill Bryson
I also believe that academic freedom should protect the right of a professor or student to advocate Marxism, socialism, communism, or any other minority viewpoint-no matter how distasteful to the majority, provided... - Richard M. Nixon
An exceedingly confident student would in theory make a terrible student. Why would he take school seriously when he feels that he can outwit his teachers? - Criss Jami
I think of the learning process of an undulation of deep learning and periods of surfacing and reflection. - Josh Waitzkin
When you begin to do things that raise the achievement of the poorest and disenfranchised students, you may not always get applause. You need to be ready for that. - Asa Hilliard
